MONTHS OF JOB GROWTH, AND
ANOTHER DROP IN THE UNEMPLOYMENT
RATE.
WE GET THE SECRETARY OF LABOR'S
TAKE ON THE NEW NUMBERS.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, AS IRAQI FORCES MOVE
ON THE MILITANT-HELD CITY OF
TIKRIT, A LOOK AT HOW IRAN IS
BOLSTERING THE FIGHT AGAINST THE
ISLAMIC STATE.
THEN, WE TRAVEL TO VIETNAM,
WHERE U.S. VETERANS ARE HEALING
THE WOUNDS OF WAR, FIFTY YEARS
AFTER THE CONFLICT BEGAN.
>> I CONTINUE TO HEAL AS A
RESULT OF THE WORK THAT WE DO
WITH THE VICTIMS HERE, BUT JUST
INTERACTING WITH THE KIDS, I CAN
SEE THAT IT MAKES THEM HAPPY.
IT MAKES ME HAPPY, TOO.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY,
MARK SHIELDS AND MICHAEL GERSON
ARE HERE, TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
THOSE ARE SOME OF THE STORIES
WE'RE COVERING ON TONIGHT'S "PBS
NEWSHOUR."